# Chatbot-Health-System
Abstract: Chronic diseases have affected many people globally and causing morbidity, and modality—the impact of chronic disease related to people’s lifestyles and their choices of habits like food, among others. Also, a model that immune and improves patients' lifestyle and habits by giving guidance and follow-up for future symptoms. As seen that there is high demand for specialists/experts in that field. Only a few studies have considered reducing the workload and exhaustion of physicians during the treatment phase. This article aims to provide a preliminary assessment of the Chatbot health system, a conversational agent-assisted health guiding framework to help doctors cope with burnout and provide continuous treatment to their patients. The approach is taken to create the chatbot dialog, and the guiding system is presented in this paper. As a result, talk about the first patient profiling technique for classifying patients based on their cholesterol levels. The machine then makes recommendations to the expert on tasks to include in the patient’s guidance in dialogue. This study makes three significant contributions to disease complications prevention (i.e., preserving a healthier lifestyle): (1) It provides the specialist/expert with a conversational agent to support patients; (2) It reduces experts’/specialists’ workload and safe their time to improves patient care by categorizing patients into groups, each group has its case scenario, that would help to follow up with patients until he visits a clinic/hospital for drugs or meeting doctors face-to-face; and (3) It gives the physician physical/nutrition activity guidelines when creating a general patient activity guiding choices based on his cholesterol level whether its normal, abnormal, or risk.

IBM Watson Assistant simulation url: https://web-chat.global.assistant.watson.cloud.ibm.com/preview.html?region=eu-gb&integrationID=2f1814ab-31b1-48de-b9ee-1b4a7c5bbc11&serviceInstanceID=7782ae1e-cc89-48d3-a8e6-fa6ebe8b5eff
